# Hello IEEE Board, 

To follow up the recent commotion and the upcoming meeting, if you have any questions, statements, critiques, or any ideas to help regarding the club, feel free to dm me or reach out whenever. Im sure with the what has been said its sure to raise thoughts and questions on what could be going on in the background. There will not be a set discussion today as not all executive members will be in attendance, however, in place of this I will be in JD 2201 to address any worries or complaints. 

I want to take this time to address the recent discussions around leadership and the direction of the club. I will be continuing in my role as President, and I want to be clear that I have no intention of stepping away from this position. I remain committed to IEEE and to moving this club forward in a positive and productive direction.

I know there have been conversations and concerns regarding my role, and I do take those seriously. As some may have noticed, I have been distant regarding academics and club involvement, this past year and semester specifically has been mentally challenging for me and clearly affected my professional and academic life. With the past month or so, I have taken the time to step back, get things in order, and reflect on what is needed from me not just as a leader, but as a member of this community. As a leader, I will work on and focus on being more present, communicative, and effective in how I work and coordinate with you all. Going forward, I will be placing a stronger emphasis on clear communication, accountability, and collaboration so we can operate more effectively as a team and create a more stable and supportive environment. 

As for the rest of the semester, our focus will be on what we already have planned, and what we are capable of. I am aware that for most of us, exam season is just about to get started so its important that we work together and plan ahead.

Now to address the rumors revolving the club room. From the start I have envisioned the club room to be an open and safe space for members and friends alike to be able to hang around and study, I believe it should be a community space where members feel comfortable and respected. Recently, there have been instances of inappropriate and disrespectful conversations that do not reflect the values of this organization and the members within. As President, I take responsibility for what happens in that space, and take it as my responsibility to ensure that the space will remain a safe space for all. The individuals involved have already been spoken to and warned to ensure such instances do not occur again. Moving forward, if behavior like this continues, we will take immediate and more serious action, including restricting access to the room.

I would like to state that I appreciate all the members of our organization that has been engaged and involved in contributing to the community. As from the start, CSUN IEEE was and will continue to be a community that I value and would like to continue contributing back to. I hope with the time left in the semester I am able to continue to lead the growth in a positive direction. 

Thank you. 
